here's what's going on at the movies
it's a class for oppression that's okay
she seems peaceful the supernatural
comedy Ghostbusters is back and features
some of the funniest characters
strapping on a proton pack experienced
Ghostbusters in IMAX 3d this is what I
do I'm an undercover narcotics agent I
live for suspense and drama
Chuck out the infiltrator based on
real-life events surrounding the biggest
drug sting in history drugs will not be
tolerated
comedy drama and romance are all on
display in Woody Allen's Cafe Society
about a young man swept up in the
vibrant scene of 1930s Hollywood
yes politely people listened and finally
let's find out what's hot in theaters
this weekend with this week's fan tip
the patient
but what's your weekend ticket going to
be let us know in the comments below
we'll see you next time on weekend
ticket